fix: add vary header if unset with cors requests (#10490)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md

!!! note
    For more information please see [https://enable-cors.org](https://enable-cors.org/server_nginx.html)

#### Handling the `Vary: Origin` Header

> When CORS is enabled in NGINX, it will automatically respond with a `Vary: Origin` header if not explicitly set by the backend. The `Vary` header is used to indicate that the response may vary depending on the value of the `Origin` header in the request. This is important for caching and ensuring that responses are correctly handled based on the origin of the request.

Author: ```suggestion
When CORS is support is enabled and the allowed origins contains either a wildcard host  or more than one entry, the server will automatically add a `Vary: Origin` header to the response if the backend does not explicitly set one. The `Vary` header is used to indicate that the response may vary depending on the value of the `Origin` header in the request. This is important for caching and ensuring that responses are correctly handled based on the origin of the request.
```

> When CORS is support is enabled and the allowed origins contains either a wildcard host  or more than one entry, the server will automatically add a `Vary: Origin` header to the response if the backend does not explicitly set one. The `Vary` header is used to indicate that the response may vary depending on the value of the `Origin` header in the request. This is important for caching and ensuring that responses are correctly handled based on the origin of the request.

Author: ```suggestion
When CORS support is enabled and the allowed origins contains either a wildcard host  or more than one entry, the server will automatically add a `Vary: Origin` header to the response if the backend does not explicitly set one. The `Vary` header is used to indicate that the response may vary depending on the value of the `Origin` header in the request. This is important for caching and ensuring that responses are correctly handled based on the origin of the request.
```
